Dear reviewer, this folder contains our demo videos:

1. **Comparison_with_several_state-of-the-art_methods methods.mp4**  (our pose is generated by PBNet)

   This video contains the qualitative study comparison of DAWN with other state-of-the-art (SOTA) baseline methods.

2. **Extrapolation_evaluation.mp4** (our pose is generated by PBNet)

   This video contains the visualization of extrapolation evaluation of DAWN, which corresponds to Table 3 in the paper.

3. **Ablation_study_on PBNet.mp4** (our pose is generated by PBNet or A2V)

   This video contains the the visualization of effectiveness of our PBNet, which corresponds to the Table 4 in the paper.&#x20;

4. **Cross-identity_reenactment.mp4** (our pose is from **ground truth**)

   This video contains the visualization of pose and blink control of DAWN.

5. **Different_styles_at_higher_resolution.mp4** (our pose is generated by PBNet)

   This video contains the audio-driven results with out-of-set portraits with multiple styles in higher resolution (256 x 256). The audio is from the test set of the HDTF dataset.

6. **Driven_by_music.mp4** (our pose is generated by PBNet)

   This video contains our demo of audio-driven results, with out-of-set portraits with multiple styles. The audio is a song clip selected from "You Belong with Me" (Taylor Swift, 2008), which is considered out-of-distribution data.

7. **Compare_with_Hallo.mp4** (our pose is generated by PBNet)

   This video contains the comparison with Hallo. As Hallo produces videos at a 512 × 512 resolution, we employed super-resolution techniques to post-process our results from 256 × 256 to 512 × 512. This video also aims to demonstrate the error accumulation phenomenon in the auto-regressive method.

8. **CelebV_HQ_SR.mp4** (our pose is generated by PBNet)

   This video contains the qualitative results on the CelebV-HQ dataset. Additionally, we display our original results at a resolution of 256 × 256, along with 512 × 512 videos processed using the super-resolution algorithm "CodeFormer."

9. **Chinese.mp4, Korean.mp4, Japanese.mp4, German.mp4, French.mp4**
    These video contain the generalization experiment of different portrait style and different language.

Thank you for watching. We plan to release our code in the future.
